welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
mystic river
three boys jimmy markham sean devine
and dave boyle play hockey in a boston
street in 1975
when dave is kidnapped by two men and
sexually abused for four days before
managing to escape
25 years later the boys are grown in
while they still live in boston have
drifted apart jimmy is an ex-con running
a neighborhood convenience store
sean is a detective with the
massachusetts state police
and dave is a blue-collar worker
continually haunted by the abduction and
rape
jimmy and dave are still neighbors and
related by marriage
sean's pregnant wife lauren has recently
left him
she frequently phones him but never
speaks during their calls
jimmy's 19 year old daughter katie is
secretly dating brendan harris
a boy from a family jimmy despises
brendan and katie are planning to run
away together to las vegas
katie goes out for the night with her
girlfriends and dave sees her at a local
bar
that night katie is murdered and dave
comes home bloodied and
injured telling his wife he fought off a
mugger and possibly killed him
sean and his partner sergeant whitey
powers
investigate the murder while jimmy
conducts his own investigation
using his neighborhood connections
sean discovers that katie apparently
recognized her killer and that the gun
used to kill her
a .38 special revolver was also used in
a liquor store robbery in 1984 by
just ray harris the father of brendan
harris has been missing since 1989 but
brendan
claims he still sends his family 500
every month brendan also feigns
ignorance about rey's gun
whitey suspects dave who keeps changing
the story about how his hand was injured
dave continues to behave strangely which
upsets his wife to the point she leaves
their home and tells jimmy she suspects
he might be involved in the murder
jimmy and his friends confront dave
jimmy admits to dave that he killed just
ray
for implicating jimmy which resulted in
his imprisonment
dave reveals to jimmy that he did kill
someone that night
but it was not katie he beat a child
molester to death after finding him with
a child prostitute
jimmy does not believe dave and pulls
out a knife but promises to let him live
if he confesses to katie's murder
however when dave admits to killing
katie
jimmy kills him and disposes of his body
in the adjacent mystic river
meanwhile brendan after finding his
father's gun missing
confronts his younger brother silent ray
and his friend john o'shea about katie's
murder
he beats the two boys trying to get them
to admit their guilt
as jon pulls out just ray's gun and is
about to shoot brendan
sean and whitey arrive having connected
a 9-1-1 call to the two boys
disarming and arresting him and silent
rey
the next morning shawn tells jimmy that
jon
and silent ray confessed to killing
katie as part of a prank gone wrong
sean asks jimmy if he has seen dave
because he is wanted for questioning in
another case
the murder of a known child molester a
distraught jimmy thanks shawn for
finding his daughter's killers
but says if only you had been a little
faster
sean then asks jimmy if he is going to
send celeste boyle 500
a month to sean reunites with his wife
and his daughter nora
after apologizing for pushing her away
jimmy goes to his wife annabeth and
confesses
she comforts him and tells him he is a
king and kings always make the right
decision
at a town parade dave's son is sad as he
waits for his father
sean sees jimmy and mimics firing a gun
with his hand
to let jimmy know he is coming for him
as jimmy spreads his arms that he is
ready to
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you